gh-127949: make deprecation of policy system more prominent (#128290)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-runner.rst

      *coro* can be any awaitable object.

   .. note::
      asyncio policy system is deprecated and will be removed in Python 3.16

>       as such in future *loop_factory* must be used to configure the event loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::

      The :mod:`!asyncio` policy system is deprecated and will be removed
      in Python 3.16; from there on, an explicit *loop_factory* is needed
      to configure the event loop.
```
